feat: #420 implement blacklist to disable unsafe SSL/TLS protocol ver… (#421)
silkimen/cordova-plugin-advanced-http: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 3.2.0

> - Feature #420: implement blacklist feature to disable SSL/TLS versions on Android (thanks mobisys Mobile Informationssysteme GmbH)

Reviewer: What about:

```suggestion
- Feature #420: implement blacklist feature to disable SSL/TLS versions on Android (thanks to @MobisysGmbH)
```

Reviewer: @MobisysGmbH
